[Applause]
now gio cancelo
city all over united and they score
it's a known goal by eric
city since the first blast of the
whistle have just been complete control
of this match
and at last they have a goal that their
players merited and it's an own goal by
eric bailly
the flag stays down phil phones in acres
of space jesus has come towards him de
bruyne
and now jesus
[Applause]
how did that stay out
jesus thought he'd scored it's a
brilliant save
united just can't get out of their own
box at the moment de bruyne
great save again
to hayers keeping united in this game
giao cancelo
it's a teasing
oh it's gone in
bernardo silva
didn't seem possible but he somehow
squeezed it in and right on half time at
last city have the second goal that
their domination of this game was
deserved
bernardo silva how on earth does he even
keep this in play never mind score
and city are two up in the derby
[Applause]
cut out by jesus
and on it goes to de bruyne and
gunduan's in space and foden's further
over
[Music]
he's clipped the post
well it's been so one-sided 10 years ago
city beat united 6-1 here
it's not going to be six but it's been a
complete and total embarrassment
united outclassed outplayed and beaten
by the blues again